I didn't do anything wrong
Why did you do this to me
Say
You went to see Wang Rongchang
And had a drink with him
How much benefit did he give you?
Yes
I saw Wang Rongchang about it
He also said that he wanted me to serve you well
Not just you
And he also has the direct grandson of the ship king
Zhao Lian'an
Are you satisfied with that?
Oh, by the way, that old toad also touched me
Guess where he touched
I heard that Wang Rongchang recently took care of a small live streaming host on AFC called Marty
That woman wanted to grab the position of Miss Xu's column
Last night's bureau should have been arranged by Miss Xu's boss
You should have misunderstood Miss Xu
I was right about my previous investigation
Miss Xu and Wang Rongchang really don't know each other
To apologize to a woman
What to do
The most direct way is to give gifts
Jewelry
Bag
Anyway, the more expensive the better
Give you half an hour
Get me a
A smiling face that can satisfy all women in Hong Kong
Zhou Shao can't really be true to Miss Xu, right?